Prevent unintended layout shift after initial render of `FieldContainer` (#2872)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/long-trainers-join.md

---
"@comet/admin": minor
---

> Use the `forceVerticalContainerSize` prop on `FieldContainer` to define below which container size the `vertical` styling is applied when using the `horizontal` variant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `forceVerticalContainerSize` prop to `FieldContainer` 

Use it to define below which container size the `vertical` styling is applied when using the `horizontal` variant.
```

Alternative that highlights the addition of a new prop.

Author: Way better 👍🏼
